[QUEUES] Better async documentation for Queues (#10891)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/queues/get-started.md

Every time messages are published to the queue, your consumer Worker's `queue` handler (`async queue`) is called and it is passed one or more messages.

> In this example, your consumer Worker transforms the queue's JSON formatted message back to a string and logs that output. In a real world application, your consumer Worker can be configured to write messages to object storage (such as [R2](/r2/)), write to a database (like [D1](/d1/)), or further process messages before calling an external API, such as an [email API](/workers/tutorials/) or a data warehouse with your legacy cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, your consumer Worker transforms the queue's JSON formatted message into a string and logs that output. In a real world application, your consumer Worker can be configured to write messages to object storage (such as [R2](/r2/)), write to a database (like [D1](/d1/)), further process messages before calling an external API (such as an [email API](/workers/tutorials/)) or a data warehouse with your legacy cloud provider.
```

> When performing asyncronous tasks from within your consumer handler you can use `waitUntil()` to ensure the response of the function is handled. Other asyncronous methods are not supported within the scope of this method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing asynchronous tasks from within your consumer handler, use `waitUntil()` to ensure the response of the function is handled. Other asynchronous methods are not supported within the scope of this method.
```
